Streams
=======

You can think of a "Stream" as being a tube that is open at both sides.
Streams combines both the ``IAsyncObservable<'a>`` and
``IAsyncObserver<'a>`` interfaces. Whatever you put in (e.g ``OnNextAsync``)
at one side (``IAsyncObserver<'a>``) will come out of the other end
(``IAsyncObservable<'a>``).

Streams and are similar to the classic `Subject` in `ReactiveX
<http://reactivex.io/>`_. The difference is that a Stream in Reaction is
not a single object, but a tuple of two *entangled* objects where one
implements ``IAsyncObserver<'a>``, and the other implements
``IAsyncObservable<'a>``. This solves the problem of having a single
object trying to be two things at once (what is the dual of an
``ISubject<'a>`` anyways?).

There are currently 3 types of streams in Reaction:

- **stream**, ``unit -> IAsyncObserver<'a> * IAsyncObservable<'a>``

- **mbStream**, ``unit -> MailboxProcessor<Notification<'a>> *
  IAsyncObservable<'a>``

- **singleStream**, ``unit -> IAsyncObserver<'a> * IAsyncObservable<'a>``

Stream
======

The stream will forward any notification pushed to the
``IAsyncObserver<'a>`` side to all observers that have subscribed to the
``IAsyncObservable<'a>`` side. The stream is hot in the sense that if
there are no observers, then the notification will be lost.

- **stream** : ``unit -> IAsyncObserver<'a> * IAsyncObservable<'a>``

.. code:: fsharp

    let dispatch, obs = AsyncRx.stream ()

    let main = async {
        let! sub = obs.SubscribeAsync obv
        do! dispatch.OnNextAsync 42
        ...
    }

    Async.StartImmediate main ()

Mailbox Stream
==============

Same as a ``stream`` except that the observer is exposed as a
``MailboxProcessor<Notification<'a>>``. The mailbox stream is hot in the
sense that if there are no observers, then any pushed notification will
be lost.

- **mbStream** : ``unit -> MailboxProcessor<Notification<'a>> * IAsyncObservable<'a>``

.. code:: fsharp

    let dispatch, obs = AsyncRx.mbStream ()

    let main = async {
        let! sub = obs.SubscribeAsync obv
        do dispatch.Post (OnNext 42)
        ...
    }

    Async.StartImmediate main ()

Single Stream
=============

The stream will forward any notification pushed to the
``IAsyncObserver<'a>`` side to a single observer that have subscribed to
the ``IAsyncObservable<'a>`` side. The single stream is "cold" in the
sense that if there's no-one observing, then the writer will be awaited
until there is a subscriber that can observe the value being pushed. You
can use a single stream in scenarios that requires so called
backpressure.

- **singleStream** : ``unit -> IAsyncObserver<'a> * IAsyncObservable<'a>``

.. code:: fsharp

    let dispatch, obs = AsyncRx.singleStream ()

    let main = async {
        let! sub = obs.SubscribeAsync obv
        do! dispatch.OnNextAsync 42
        ...
    }

    Async.StartImmediate main ()
